[ci:docs] Remove future tense from man pages (#18559)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-systemd.unit.5.md

Action to take once the container transitions to an unhealthy state.
The "kill" action in combination integrates best with systemd. Once

> the container turns unhealthy, it gets killed and systemd restarts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the container turns unhealthy, it gets killed, and systemd restarts the
```

### `LogDriver=`

> Set the log-driver Podman to use when running the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the log-driver used by Podman when running the container.
```

### `LogDriver=`

> Set the log-driver Podman used when running the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the log-driver Podman uses when running the container.
```
